Hello guys will come back.
So what can we do now is I'm going to remove this coat completely I'm going to start from scratch.
So the next thing I want to do is you want to type in a conference page to a class where he does.
So again if someone requesting the page then it will just be equivalent to tree.
Page will always be given to for example the number from the or else L for example the numbers like
this.
This was Bache possibly Dan Bache will be called tree
and so we want to type in the same waterfall
and then we want to function to this function.
And then instead of doing something like this we want to put this in this one instead.
So back
to us.
So the first missing functions object is to get the total amount of products that belong to this specific
category.
In our case for example books get angry and then you know we are using technically mongoose operation
called Count to count all the products in the product collection that has this specific category that
we use requests the parents ID to capture the parameter values from the R L which is just one then we
pass in a callback with a parameters of error and the result of the query which is counted.
Then we set down to a newly created variable called Total products.
Finally if you want to trigger the next function saying we do callback when we pass in error or no.
And the variable that you want to pass in.
So simple as that in the next video we will continue on with the second scene.
I'll see you guys in the next few.